George broke down something in my eyes I
mean your I be careful
you'll never make
know something George I think we're dead
I think you're right it's funny I don't
feel any different either how I wonder
what happens
tell the girlfriend all about it what
girl been yours me hmm say you don't
mind if I um save my energy and just
become nothing for a while do you
well I don't suppose I do I know what
you're talking about David area lysing
what she works like a zipper
zip OH
minun name where are you yeah
hey relax relax take it easy oh there he
goes again
ups-a-daisy top eight hey Joe much huh
you got it down the lobby like this will
cause a riot Hey
okay don't teeter-totter for heaven's
sake what's the matter with that man
what what why doesn't he fall
you